docs: write back custom dimensions (#63)
lightdash/lightdash-docs: docs/references/dbt-write-back.mdx

1. Click `write back to dbt`
<img
    src={writeBackCustomDimension1}
    width="644"
    height="805"
    style={{display: 'block', margin: '0 auto 20px auto'}}
/>
2. Preview the dimension YAML and open a Pull Request.
<img
    src={writeBackCustomDimension2}
    width="644"
    height="805"
    style={{display: 'block', margin: '0 auto 20px auto'}}
/>
3. Approve and merge the Pull Request in your dbt project.
<img
    src={writeBackCustomDimension3}
    width="644"
    height="805"
    style={{display: 'block', margin: '0 auto 20px auto'}}
/>

Once the pull request with your new dimension is merged, you can click `refresh dbt` in Lightdash (or, if you're [using GitHub actions](../guides/cli/how-to-use-lightdash-deploy#automatically-deploy-your-changes-to-lightdash-using-a-github-action), your project will automatically refresh once your changes are merged).

### Known limitations

#### Bin dimensions

Writing back bin dimensions is not supported at the moment. If you want to help test our beta feature, please reach out to support.

> #### Replace custom dimensions with new dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Write-back dimensions automatically replacing custom dimensions

At the moment, if you write back a custom dimension to your YAML, the custom dimension will not be automatically replaced with the YAML dimension. Once your new dimension is created in dbt, you'll need to manually update your charts and replace the custom dimensions with the new YAML dimension from your dbt project. 
```

> #### Replace custom dimensions with new dimension
> 
> This is not possible at the moment. If you have a custom dimension that you want to replace with a new dimension, you will need to manually update the chart configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
#### Write-back dimensions automatically replacing custom dimensions
	
At the moment, if you write back a custom dimension to your dbt project's YAML, the custom dimension will not be automatically replaced with the new, YAML dimension. Once your new dimension is created in dbt, you'll need to manually update your charts and replace the custom dimensions with the new dimension. 
```
